>> Brian Holt: So I wanna show you a nice
little nicety about working with React.
This constructor thing is kind of
burdensome, and it's also burdensome for
other reasons that I'll show you later,
but it'd be really nice if we could just
do something like,
>> Brian Holt: Like this.
>> Brian Holt: Something like that,
where you could just define state as
like a top level property of a class.
Wouldn't it be nice if we could do that?
Technically, with today's JavaScript
in a lot of the browsers, this isn't
technically feasible, but I believe this
is either stage three or stage four now.
Then this is actually a new standard for
JavaScript.
If it wasn't 2018,
then it's gonna be in 2019.
I think it was 2018, so I think this
is actually real JavaScript now.
But we need to go tell
Babel to accept this.
The unfortunate thing is, so far,
Parcel has been managing all of
our Babel configuration for us.
So now we actually have to,
if we wanna include this Babel
transformation we have to go
write our own babble config.
Which is not a big deal, I think its
worthwhile most of the time when I'm
working on a project parcels babble
configuration isn't enough for me.
So, what is babble?
Babble is a transpilot for your code.
What's taking your code from
JSF to normal JavaScript.
That's babble.
It's a transpiler,
it transforms one set of JavaScript
into a different set of JavaScript.
So we're able to write
futuristic JavaScript and
get JavaScript that works
today in today's browsers.
So I want to go to, yeah,
it's gonna say here.
I don't understand this,
that's what it's saying right now, but
we can make it understand it.
So let's go here, and
I want you to run this npm install
-D babel-eslint babel-core
babel-preset-env babel-
plugin- transform- class- properties,
and then babel- preset-react.
>> Brian Holt: That's a lot.
I'll give you a second
>> Brian Holt: Babel-eslint will allow
eslint to use babel to transform
your quote so it can read it.
Babel course the actual thing
it does is transformations.
Babel present env is what takes
your future JavaScript and
transpiles it to current JavaScript.
Babel plugin transform class properties
is the thing that I just showed you.
That allows you to do top
level properties on classes.
And bable.present-react allows
Babel to understand JSX.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
I'm gonna install all of those.
It should take a seconds,
it's a couple libraries.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
so we got all of those.
Now, I want you to go create
a new file and call it .babelrc.
This is not going to live
in the source directory,
it's gonna live in the root directory
of your project next to package.json,
next to esn.rc.json,
all of those, so .babelrc.
>> Brian Holt: Okay?
>> Brian Holt: In babelrc, we're gonna
give a couple of top-level properties.
One of them is presets.
And we're gonna give it react, and
then we're gonna give it an array.
This one is gonna be env.
This is the weird way Babel
that does its configuration.
So I need to get past properties to env,
that's why.
>> Brian Holt: And I'm gonna do targets.
>> Brian Holt: Browsers.
So the cool thing about
babel-preset-env is I tell it hey,
just target the last two major
release of all browsers and
then, as they release new browsers, it'll
be targeting newer and newer browsers.
So you'll be transpiling less and
less of your code.
Right?
Because if you say, Target IE 10,
it's going to transpile everything, right,
because it's an old browser and
it doesn't understand all the new stuff.
But like the latest version
of Chrome understands most of
this stuff out of the box.
So it won't transpile all of it.
You wanna transpile less of it because
your code bundles will be smaller, and
in theory they can be faster because
the browsers can actually handle the code
interior in C, rather than in JavaScript.
So, that's why in general it's
better to say browsers and
then just say last 2 versions.
>> Brian Holt: If you want to get like
really sophisticated with this, you can
actually download the Google analytics
from your page, from your website, and
feed it into EMV and it will actually
transpile it for your users, right?
If you have users that are all users,
like new browsers,
it'll transfile very little of it.
But if you have a bunch of IE 11 users,
it'll transfile a lot of it for you.
And just handles it automatically.
>> Brian Holt: So you just say
like target in 99% of my users and
it'll cover 99% of your users.
Just pretty damn cool.
>> Speaker 2: It's like a hook.
>> Brian Holt: You have to
somehow dump a json object
into your environment that
babel can read at bill time.
If you go look at babel present env's
page it'll tell you how to do that.
Okay, last thing here is when you plugins
and we need our one plugin that we wanted
which was transform-class-properties.
And we can save that.
So now we've configured our babel.
This is largely the same
thing as what we had before.
Except now we can do class properties.
So, just so you know, I have presets
here and I'm just putting react.
It's implied that I have
babel preset react,
so that's where that is coming from.
This is babel-preset-env.
I think you can actually leave these,
if you wanna be explicit.
But Babel just makes it into, if it's
in presets, it's babel-preset., right?
Same thing with here,
I can have babel-plugin-transform,
which is what we installed off of MPM,
but it's implied.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, I think the last
thing that we need to do here,
we need to go and
help eslint [INAUDIBLE] a little bit.
So go to your eslint.json.
>> Brian Holt: And, as another top level
thing we need to give it a parser.
Parser and
you just need to say babel-eslint.
This is going to tell eslint
hey before you try and
lint my code you're gonna have
to use babel as your parser.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, questions so far?
So the only thing I added here is this.
The order's not important, so.
And then we did this babel RC file,
as well.
So now that we've done that,
we go into details.JS.
Notice this isn't airing out anymore.
Now eslint understands this and
so does parcel.
So we don't have to have
constructors anymore.
We can just make it a top
level class property.
And I'll say this is
actually pretty common with
the react ecosystem at the time or
right now.
This is what people are doing.
Because it's shorter.
It makes more sense.
We don't have to have
constructors anymore.
So now, if you do this, you almost
never need to have a constructor.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so let's go make
sure that all of that works still, so
I'm gonna say npm run dev.
>> Brian Holt: I don't know why
that took a second but it did.
I think I had to clear my cache.